feat(er/attachment): support resource id parameter to query result (#3873)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/er_attachments.md

* `name` - (Optional, String) Specifies the name used to filter the attachments.

> * `resource_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the associated resource ID used to filter the specified attachment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `resource_id` - (Optional, String) Specifies the associated resource ID used to filter the attachments.
```

Author: done.
